welcome back via tv and we are
still on the subject of photography and us
now have something for you where you say
I'm not a product photographer
I do not really want to
somehow I really need it
just want my wife and children
but take a picture now
Let's take a case example
clear your attic or cellar
and find so little treasures then
there is an electronic platform
his auction house where you are usually very
I have to be able to put photos in them
if you say things nice
photographed and really good
photographed then comes mostly there too
more money at out and there we have ourselves
thought there are people to the
For example, for once, so cars
small model cars collect the matchbox
cars that I say so what's there
what else about small vases and such
on and on and on, of course
of which would like to have photos
and we thought we would pass
We build something and let it build
and that's what we offer him and talk about
is absolutely from our great photobox
really dear spectators they see it
now really bright and we lit up
can also put something in order for them
can imagine that better because
I think it's important that you do everything yourself
pictorially better imagine
you see we have two reflector walls
with a possibility that the photo
everything lights up well and now
We have set the manual here
and there we can see that is coming
now really good in scene
right now we are in the chamber
just like that and now I stand with the
camera before that of course I have the
Camera worries about poor people
here we have everything in the prop
so and now just the right tripod
take a picture and get ready and
Of course, the product looks alot much
much better off and when to go to
Example I'll say a photo album
your favorite hobby collection for
want to create an example then that is
Great
we just have our colleagues
breakfast be asked to photograph
namely his favorite apple and that has
he made and the whole looks right
good because it has suddenly right
professional level
and i can tell you if you only
two three things somehow in one
electronic department store offer so
action house then makes 47 eur 41 already
meaning something professional for her
looks the better it is we have
The white box from the white background
and of course the blue background there
then, for example, can be wonderful
free and make the apple easy
back to where does it come from?
on the tree amazing what you have today
can do everything but dear audience
Of course you can do that too
by otherwise using them
example say they take quite different
background picture so maybe say
not necessarily a tree but something
completely absurd, maybe even
just a star or something and
project something into something else
Actually , not at all, so you want to
In all things there, they really have many
possibilities this little box is
really a miracle because I show
that's one of them again
our smartphones what we already have
have offered and look like
Great that looks like you can now
play completely with the light reflections
that means depending on how they light
how to move the good piece
See how great that looks either
very classic or light
light reflections on it that is completely
very far ahead and I say
times so easy to fix and fix
finished is a product that you know
from a professional studio like that
the photos are taken from the
Products where you for example in
I say supermarket in the advertising
I definitely want to see that is
dull hall and that's where we are
thought we have to just that
Matching product for have 179 euro 90
would be the normal price we thought
Come on, let's get started today
Today, let's turn the price screw today
right through is yes monday and young
is fastnose comes on and off
50 euros we said and im
end effect with the pointed pencil
and counted 47 eur 41
For example, maybe you too
get some flowers as a present
example and you want the photographs
because the withered so pretty fast
and to be really nice in the scene too
put love spectators you can
Of course, give a short in our box
and these hold my photo as example
j.mp now I can not mister or wife
say from wuppertal
the monorail is awesome it mini
photo studio to small objects good
illuminate or with blue
screen easily
That's where we put the apple back on
hanged the tree handy carry
suitcase that is the good piece is
at most the size of a briefcase
when fold up
Overall, a great tool then
says md from re-anspach super
easy to set up I'm excited
every euro worth nc 17 27 56 9 is the
order number 57 eur 41 74 percent
discount
in az simonis 47 47 11 41 i said
57 47 apologize for less than 50 euros
So we have the orders for you
and you have a phone number and we are
build us now but we have to now
carry on and they call up so
equal